Updating PATCH /pipelines REST API Documentation to Include Optional `slug` Parameter (#2916)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/rest_api/pipelines.md

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><code>name</code></th>

>     <td>The name of the pipeline. If you provide a new name without a <code>slug</code> parameter, the slug will be automatically updated to match the new name.<p class="Docs__api-param-eg"><em>Example:</em> <code>"New Pipeline"</code></p></td>

Reviewer: It seems to be inconsistent whether or not we wrap these cells in a paragraph, I suggest we do so with these changes:
```suggestion
    <td>
      <p>The name of the pipeline. If you provide a new name without a <code>slug</code> parameter, the slug will be automatically updated to match the new name.</p>
      <p class="Docs__api-param-eg"><em>Example:</em> <code>"New Pipeline"</code></p>
    </td>
```

    <th><code>skip_queued_branch_builds_filter</code></th>
    <td>A <a href="/docs/pipelines/branch-configuration#branch-pattern-examples">branch filter pattern</a> to limit which branches intermediate build skipping applies to. <p class="Docs__api-param-eg"><em>Example:</em> <code>"!main"</code><br><em>Default:</em> <code>null</code></p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><code>slug</code></th>

>     <td>A custom identifier for the pipeline. This slug will be used as the pipeline's URL path. If not provided when the pipeline name is updated, the slug will be automatically generated from the new pipeline name. If the pipeline name is not updated, the existing slug will remain unchanged.
>       <p><em>Example:</em> <code>"my-custom-pipeline-slug"</code></p>
>     </td>

Reviewer: Suggesting wrapping in a paragraph and adding a line about the required format of slugs:
```suggestion
    <td>
      <p>A custom identifier for the pipeline. This slug will be used as the pipeline's URL path. If not provided when the pipeline name is updated, the slug will be automatically generated from the new pipeline name. If the pipeline name is not updated, the existing slug will remain unchanged.<br>
      The slug may only contain alphanumeric characters or dashes, and cannot begin with a dash.</p>
      <p><em>Example:</em> <code>"my-custom-pipeline-slug"</code></p>
    </td>
```

    <th><code>skip_queued_branch_builds_filter</code></th>
    <td>A <a href="/docs/pipelines/branch-configuration#branch-pattern-examples">branch filter pattern</a> to limit which branches intermediate build skipping applies to. <p class="Docs__api-param-eg"><em>Example:</em> <code>"!main"</code><br><em>Default:</em> <code>null</code></p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th><code>slug</code></th>
    <td>

>       <p>A custom identifier for the pipeline. This slug will be used as the pipeline's URL path. If not provided when the pipeline name is updated, the slug will be automatically generated from the new pipeline name. If the pipeline name is not updated, the existing slug will remain unchanged.<br>
>       The slug may only contain alphanumeric characters or dashes, and cannot begin with a dash.</p>

Reviewer 2: I think this could be a little clearer. What do you think of rearranging some of the info like so:

```suggestion
      <p>A custom identifier for the pipeline. This slug will be used as the pipeline's URL path. It can only contain alphanumeric characters or dashes and cannot begin with a dash.<br>
      The slug updates whenever the pipeline name changes. If you don't provide a slug when you update the pipeline name, the slug will be automatically generated from the new pipeline name.</p>
```

Author: Thank you :) I have committed your suggestion.
